Hey me
Hey, I'm confused.
Almost got the bad guy's egg
I didn't give you the kindness to ask.
It's hard to wait for Li Xiaolin to appear
I'm afraid the bad guys picked me up right away.
Right?
I need more kind people like you
That's a lot easier.
But why didn't I see that he was all bad people?
How can you tell?
I didn't see it at first either.
Until I saw this bag
This bag should be a limited edition of the latest edition, right?
Including his bracelet and watch.
Earrings necklace
Although it is not gold and silver jewelry
Should be luxury goods
There's nothing about that man that makes him weird
The place so I'm calm
He shouldn't be a good person, right?
I didn't expect it to be so severe
harm
Leave a contact information.
I'll repay you when I'm done
Oh, where don't we meet in life?
Since your family is here to pick you up, hurry back
Don't let them worry
Well then ok bye